Added error msg when isbn entry was not found (#7036)
JabRef/jabref: CHANGELOG.md

- We added a DOI format and organization check to detect [American Physical Society](https://journals.aps.org/) journals to copy the article ID
to the page field for cases where the page numbers are missing. [#7019](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/7019)
- We added a new fetcher to enable users to search jstor.org [#6627](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/6627)

> - We added an error message in the EntryTypeViewModel that gets displayed to the user if a fetched entry is empty. [#7000](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/7000)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We added an error message in the New Entry dialog that is shown in case the fetcher did not find anything . [#7000](https://github.com/JabRef/jabref/issues/7000)
```
The changelog is more intended towards the normal end users of JabRef, so it should not be too technical.
